so today we're going to be benchmarking
the new macbook pro retina so this one's
rocking a 256 gigabyte hard drive so
let's go ahead and start this off with a
boot test so essentially the startup
starts when you see the actual apple
logo but anyways we'll just have it in
there just to see from start to finish
this doesn't take very long and this is
due to the new solid state technology in
the new macbook pro retina so there you
can see about 15 seconds we'll just say
16.5 that is extremely fast for a
computer and now this computer is
actually rocking a quad-core i7 two
point three gigahertz hyper-threading up
to three point three gigahertz and this
computer is really great and I also
custom configure this to have 16
gigabytes of RAM so we're going to start
off with the Geekbench so right here we
have geekbench 64-bit so let's go ahead
and load that up so we're just going to
go ahead and click run you can see that
this is the mac OS x 64 bit and this is
the Retina Display MacBook Pro I 7 16
gigs ram in 10 point 7.4 we'll go ahead
and click run and this should not take
very long at all so this comes out with
a really great geekbench score you
really have to be familiar with
geekbench score but really anything over
10,000 is pretty good
so right there we see that we have
12,000 and I think that my mac mini
server with a quad-core i7 assault stay
500 gigs of storage space and all that
good stuff gets around 10,000 so this
new macbook pro has quite an edge and
this is a laptop for snap being in
desktop so now we're going to go ahead
and try with Nova bench you can see
right here so we're just going to click
right here and now this is going to load
up with Nova bench this is another
geekbench kind of thing and we're just
going to go ahead and start some tests
this is just for other people who use
this and more familiar with this this is
just another program just to show you
that my constant kind of thing so I'm
not too familiar with the scores this am
with geekbench but this is just again
the same thing as geekbench
so we see that we have a score of 1165
I'm not too sure what to compare to
let's go ahead and click Submit and
compare so it looks like the top scores
on nova benches 2922 so that means that
this is coming in pretty good some
scores go down to like 500 but this is a
pretty good score and this saw tests
really the ram cpu graphics and all that
good stuff and also chest checks the
solid-state drive the last test we were
going to run is with the black magic
speed test so let's go ahead and open
that up and this will test the full SSD
speed so this will tell us in numbers
what the actual speed is so all we have
to do is just click speed test start and
we'll go ahead and give us a number for
how fast this SD really is so right
we're coming in at 40 seven ish and read
we are going all the way up to 4 48 kind
of maxing out this little radar thing so
it's supposed to have up to five hundred
megabytes so this dispute test is pretty
accurate usually SSDs fall a little bit
short of what they actually are in a
manufacturer stats overall the new
macbook pro is really really great I
definitely like the new Retina display
and the performance from this is amazing
I recently edited a video with it and
exporting did not take very long so guys
as always ray come and subscribe look
forward to more videos on the new
macbook pro